3/15:
    Get color Images training and working.
    Finish writing initial plan. DONE
    Get results and tensorboard models saving to the the appropriate results folder. DONE
    Get good results using a cnn.
        -real_images_alex_net_500
        mnist_2048
    Get good results using a cnn with color.
    ReRead UNET and start to apply. DONE
    Get my mac set up to train, and start training on it

    Look at and read about the following methods:
        Instance Segmentation: Identify each object instance of each pixel for every known object within an image.  Labels
            are instance-aware

        Mask RCN unit:  This is a version of faster RCNN that outputs a mask to the different objects.
        I really don't like the above methods because they require pre trained networks to operate.
        The whole point of what I want to do is to not need any labeled photos.

        Auto coloration: This is essentially a way to use a CNN to apply color to black and white photos.
3/22:
    Get image Segmentation working on simple synthesized data.  Like the animations data that I have produced
        Set up a way to build segmented data on images.  I think for now it would be good to just do this with
            animations because your idea doesn't really need real images to show the method.
        set up data agumentation
        Build a bunch of animations
        Try a pretrained uNet
        At least try and do W-net
        Fully understand what unet outputs
        Edge distance, centroid distance
        Run unet with synthetic
        Step 1: Square, circle, and triangle
        Step 2: Morphing
        Step 3: Youtube

3/29:
    Get image Segmentation working on simple synthesized data.
4/5:
    Train a good object classifier on the animation data.
4/12:
    Link the object classifier with the Segmentation model to be able to link features together.
4/19:
    Link the object classifier with the Segmentation model to be able to link features together.
4/26:
    Attempt to get this working with real images.
5/3:
    Write a paper explaining everything and turn it in.

#How the heck do I want to handle the random blobs that u-net spits out?
